Updating to exclude authenticating via email/token because it doesn't work (#4045)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/zendesk/index.md

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**.
2. Search for "Zendesk" in the Catalog, select it, and choose which of your sources to connect the destination to.

> 3. Enter your Zendesk domain and click **Connect**. The Zendesk OAuth login opens in a new tab. Sign in with your Zendesk credentials to authenticate. In the Zendesk settings, add your email in the **Email** setting and your password in the **Password** setting.

Reviewer: > In the Zendesk settings, add your email in the **Email** setting and your password in the **Password** setting.

@saitwilio Can you clarify a bit on where these fields are supposed to be? I'm not following the step as described here. Once authentication with OAuth is done, is there still a need to add Email and Password?

Author: Hi @markzegarelli I'm not sure what the steps look like exactly - I'm changing the docs requested by someone else, let me get on a chat with them to confirm.

> 3. Enter your Zendesk domain and click the 'Connect' button - you'll be redirected to Zendesk OAuth. Use the standard email and password you use to Sign In to your Zendesk account. In the Zendesk settings, add your email in the **Email** setting and your password in the **Password** setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Zendesk domain and click **Connect**. The Zendesk OAuth login opens in a new tab. Sign in with your Zendesk credentials to authenticate. In the Zendesk settings, add your email in the **Email** setting and your password in the **Password** setting.
```
@saitwilio 
Reworded slightly for clarity.

Is the sentence that begins with "In the Zendesk settings..." still applicable if using OAuth? I don't see fields for these in the destination settings in Segment.

Author: You're right.. that sentence needs to be taken out. Good catch!
